Update monitor-aws.asciidoc (#652)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/observability/monitor-aws.asciidoc

[[aws-step-two]]
=== Step 2:  Create an SQS Queue

You have created an S3 bucket. This will be where you can export your logs.

> This doesn't notify you when users create new S3 objects. Rather than poll

Author: **question:** @dedemorton : I had some trouble with this, because SQS was raised before it was defined or put in context. What do you think needs to be called out or clarified?

> This doesn't notify you when users create new S3 objects. Rather than poll

Reviewer: I would remove the info about the S3 bucket because it's redundant with the previous section. Then I would explain what the SQS queue is and why you need to create one.  I think the sentence structure in your edit (3 sentences in a row that begin with "this") is a bit choppy. The reader has to figure out what "this" refers back to. I think you are moving in the right direction, but might need to change a few more things to make it work.

> This doesn't notify you when users create new S3 objects. Rather than poll

Author: I think this captures the point better, though perhaps not perfectly. 

```
Cloudwatch can export your logs to this new S3 bucket. Exporting the logs doesn't notify Filebeat that new logs are in the S3 bucket. Rather than poll each S3 bucket for these log files, you can create a message queue. You can use the Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS). SQS creates and stores messages when logs reach the S3. The {filebeat-ref}/filebeat-input-aws-s3.html[Filebeat S3 input] checks SQS queue for S3 messages. Filebeat then uses the contents of these messages to retrieve logs from S3 buckets. The Filebeat S3 input guarantees reliable, near real-time data collection from S3 buckets.
```

> This doesn't notify you when users create new S3 objects. Rather than poll

Reviewer: Yes that's much better. Sorry about my delayed response. Wasn't available to respond to GitHub last week. :-)

> You have created an S3 bucket. This will be where you can export your logs.
> This doesn't notify you when users create new S3 objects. Rather than poll
> for all log files in each S3 bucket, use Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS).
> This provides you with an Amazon S3 notification when someone creates a new
> S3 object. The {filebeat-ref}/filebeat-input-aws-s3.html[Filebeat S3 input]
> checks SQS for messages about new S3 objects. It uses the information in
> these messages to retrieve logs from S3 buckets. With this setup, you don't
> need periodic polling from each S3 bucket. The Filebeat S3 input guarantees
> reliable, near real-time data collection from S3 buckets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should now have an S3 bucket in which you can export your logs, but you will
also need an SQS queue. To avoid significant lagging with polling all
log files from each S3 bucket, we will use Amazon Simple Queue Service (SQS).
This will provide us with an Amazon S3 notification when a new S3 object is
created. The {filebeat-ref}/filebeat-input-aws-s3.html[Filebeat S3 input]
checks SQS for new messages regarding the new object created in S3 and uses the
information in these messages to retrieve logs from S3 buckets. With this setup,
periodic polling from each S3 bucket is not needed. Instead, the Filebeat S3
input guarantees near real-time data collection from S3 buckets with both speed
and reliability.
```

I want to get this PR merged, so I will revert this section to the original text, which was reviewed and approved previously. Thanks again for your contribution!
